Hello everyone, welcome again
once here on brain washing gameplay
in this special tg with ball episode
sirio towards today guys for you or a
couple of important information for that
which concerns the collection of the spheres of the
dragon and the desires that can be
express thanks to them why
rightly if he doesn't play dragon ball
you can collect the spheres of the
dragon and make a wish by evoking
the sharon dragon to their first boys
useful advice or how to make the sea
dragon balls
or how to find them all 7 and in
as short as possible
the most comfortable parallel mission in
this sense is absolutely with Mr.
promoter of parallel missions
offline
then the most comfortable mission in
absolute is prepared for the attack of
saiyan is the number 2 attention guys
almost once defeated crisis
of anxiety and then final e white
dancing could spur a pad roller
or a temporal patrolman
also defeated this patrolman
thunderstorm
we could receive a key item
the key object is the dragon sphere
this is absolutely the most mission
simple because clearly the level
of opponents is low and the only point
in which you will have to have a good dose
of ass is
immediately after defeating the
time patrolman because he could
also don't give you the key object
it might not even give you the sphere of
dragon or even could give you one
dragon ball you already have but this one
happens when you already know me 45
okay guys as you know
tokidoki city ​​is divided into three zones and one
Once all the balls collected 7
dragon we will have to go to the field of time
or practically the first area that
we could visit once
start from our adventure to go there
to this magnificent sanctuary and bring
our character in the center
altar
here we have this magnificent pedestal
which as you can see
to seven spherical spaces precisely for the
our seven dragon ball boys ai
seven spheres of the dragon new care share
of course
always its nasty figure
ok guys here is our list of
want first desire enough
useless if you are not exactly like saying
poor in the barrel in any way expressing
we can get 500 thousand zeni I want
a rare object with this desire
we can unlock the goku stick it is
basically just a decoration that
we can apply to our character
I want a new dress with this
wish we can unlock the set
complete with travel clothes to the west
which are practically the clothes of the
protagonist of the legend he has
inspired dragon ball
I want to get stronger is definitely
the most useless guys desire because
will allow us to unlock items
27 of objects we can get
quietly carrying out missions
parallel bars want this supreme heel
wish can be expressed two
times because there are two attacks on
awards that the dragon sharon can give us
or lightning bomber and eliminators
of thunder if I remember correctly I want a
new special attack here too
we can express the desire for two
times because we will be given two sets of
special attacks
I want more usable characters
attention this desire may be
expressed three times because there are three
characters to unlock or gadgets a
super sai fourth level super c
17 and omega sharon I want a second one
possibility instead is very interesting
if you are wrong if you want to change the
distribution of your attributes
provides for the possibility of re- accumulating
of all and redistribute them as best as possible
do you believe
I want a breathtaking beauty instead
will allow you to change the look of the
our character except for the
name the race and sex
ok since I practically have it anyway
lost all attacks on prizes
special and saw scrolling I will choose to
unlock the characters since the last
what remains for me to do or the super
saiyan 4 you can choose others
characters in the selection screen
of the character
ok guys at this point i would say not
waste more time and try now
a super saiyan fourth concept
level
I know I decided to do this fight
gazeta boys against vegetable two
fusions seemed interesting to me adults
guys I still who who now is up
only congenital boys is stronger
just because of the fourth level
but the fusion through better killy is
much more effective and creates a
much more powerful individual now with
curiosity about him
or a show around the facts
no
among other things, you can top up for the
loaded version and the balde version goes
around a while we have a little
Agrigento room shooter
ok let's see then we have the room by hand
greenberg ugly bastard stood
defending eye for eye
all is not well guys I would say that
this special dragon ball episode
chino vance can be concluded here I hope
to have been useful we will meet again
coming soon, always washing gameplay
Hi guys